All I'm saying is,
when your pops come home,
he not gonna approve.
We both know he not getting out
no time soon.
[Sydney]
Where you mentioned the guy
that you
ratted out, is that Drew?
I'm sorry about your back
and for such a bad night.
How's your back been?
-Fine.
-Are you lying?
Hey, Drew, you wanted to talk
to me about your case.
-Yeah?
-[Amaya and Zayna gasp]
[Dan]   I'm not gonna get you
in trouble, but it has
-to go now.
-Yo, what are you talking about?
Amaya, she was just holding it
for Junior, that's it.
Nah, it's just, you know,
it's hard to paint
when people talking to me.
You know,
it's, it's natural with you.
I need you to hold this
for a minute.
All right, bro.
Yeah, that's what
I'm talking about.
hip-hop music
Franklin just chews
with his fucking mouth open
all fucking meeting,
it's so distracting.
It's like he's chewing
on a goddamn tire.
So, just don't look at
his mouth. It's not a big deal.
I-I can't. That's all I see.
It's like...
-It's physically impossible.
-It is physically possible.
Just press the button...
Are you okay?
Yes. Sorry, I'm just...
I'm just exhausted.
Yeah, I was gonna say you look
tired, but I read online you
-shouldn't say that to women.
-Yeah, I just haven't
been sleeping well.
I got in some bullshit fight
-with my mom, and...
-Like, how's...
Like, physically, you're all
right, with your back and all?
-Yes, I'm ok...
-But just with the back pain?
-Yeah, I'm okay.
-I just want to make sure. Okay.
-That's the last time I'll ask.
-Okay, good.
Yo, Syd, what time's
my meeting with that dude?
I never got the details.
-What dude?
-The dude you said helps
your clients prep
for job interviews.
My Zoom's tomorrow.
-I thought that was next week.
-[tongue clicks]
Oh, shit. Fuck.
I didn't fucking call.
I'm sorry, I-I just--
Well, sorry ain't
gonna cut it, shorty.
-My court date's coming up.
-I know.
I need this Jimmy Jazz job
to look legit.
-Yeah, I know.
-Look-look,
she-she's been going through
a lot right now.
-She's had her mom, like...
-Dan, you talking is definitely
-not even close...
-Okay, I'm just trying.
I don't care about her problems.
I look like Oprah?
Drew, listen to me. I got it.
I'm just gonna maybe, like,
call a coworker right now,
someone who can, like--
The interview's   tomorrow.
See, that's what I get
for trusting a white woman.
Had to pick a group
where everybody a drug addict.
Yo, Drew, let me help
with your interview prep.
-No, no, you don't have to...
-Get the fuck out of here.
-You can't do shit.
-No, I know.
That's the point, okay?
Like, I work consistently,
despite the fact
that I'm not good at anything.
-It's true.
-Do you know why?
-'Cause you white?
-Sure.
That plays a-a huge role.
Uh, too much, in fact.
But also, I'm good
at getting hired.
Résumés, job interviews.
These are skills.
Son, we like oil and water.
That's better than oil and fire.
-[tongue clicks]
-Okay, I don't care either way.
It doesn't make a difference
to me. I'm offering to help.
If you don't want it, find
somebody else here who can help.
-Good luck.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Uh...
Hey, yo, Dan. Matter of fact...
Yo
[announcer]
Because of the obvious threat
to untold numbers of citizens,
this radio station will remain
on the air day and night.
[knocking on door]
Yo
[sighs]
What's up?
[scoffs]
Damn. You depressed, too?
-What do you want?
-I got you a gift.
-[sighs]
-What? It's a money tree.
-Mm.
-People say it bring
good luck to your business.
I mean, not saying
that you need it, but...
since you gonna be
in   Forbes   and shit.
Well, where the money at?
Never, ever...
No, like, you-you got
to put the money on it.
Desmond, what you want?
You irking my nerves.
Look, I'm-a be honest, Z.
I ain't been the same
since we split.
I mean, I ain't been outside.
I ain't been drinking
enough water.
Like, I'm really dehydrated.
Then, nigga,
go drink some water.
No, I'm saying, like...
[sighs]
Bro, it's just
all falling apart, like...
I mean, Junior in jail.
I mean, you know, he my cousin.
-He's family, you know?
-Yeah, I know.
I fell off my scooter today.
I got a little boo-boo.
It's pretty bad.
[laughs softly]
Oh, my God.
Come here, you big baby.
Let me see you.
Boy, get out of here.
That little-ass bruise?
That is not little, bro.
I need some serious
medical attention to this.
-No, you don't.
-Yes, I do.
All right.
[both laugh]
Yo, you getting on my nerves.
I stay out the way,
and I pray...
I thank you for always
being here for me, Z.
For real.
I remember when we first met,
and you told me that you was
really thorough and...
I see it differently now.
You know?
I appreciate you
for being valid.
-Yeah, you better.
-For real.
-Mm-hmm.
-[laughs softly] I really do.
Mm-hmm.
Took an "L"
and I turned it to 11
'Cause never have I ever,
have I ever
Never have I, never, ever,
never have I...
Thank you.
Never have I...
[music playing faintly]
Yo. What took you so long?
I was looking for a Black-owned
corner store.
Okay, did you go to the Bronx?
-You're welcome.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-Yo, I am so tired.
I have not pulled an all-nighter
since college.
Yo, I ain't pulled one
since that OnlyFans leak.
-Remember that?
-[laughs] You're disgusting.
-Yeah...
-I honestly don't know
if I'm gonna be able
to finish this on time.
Look, I'm about
to buy you some time.
-Check this out.
-How?
Whomp. This joint.
I'm so confused.
Morris Chestnut, Nancy box.
-Uh-huh. Okay, okay.
-She gonna be fingering herself
for the next 40 hours.
Okay, enough.
Okay, the Badu Pussy?
-The Badu Pussy, that's for you.
-Why would I want to smell
Erykah Badu's pussy
at a time like this?
Why would you not want
to smell Erykah Badu pussy?
-Have you heard   Mama's Gun?
-I did.
-It bangs, it bangs. All right.
-Like, this shit is fantastic.
You ain't smelled it yet.
That's why... Look.
-Right?
-What the...?
That smells really good.
Make you paint better,
don't it?
Just feel it
through your pheromones.
Okay. Okay, stop playing.
I need to finish this.
Can't wait till
they make her gooch.
[Arsema sighs]
[Kevin] I don't know why you
stressing, bro, that's ill.
Like, you know you talented.
Still gonna get second place.
Can you please leave me alone?
All your endeavors are in vain,
just so you know.
Thank you.
When they make Badu Titty
Sweat, you gonna love that shit.
[Arsema]
Oh, my God.
Yo. Yo, what the fu... Yo.
-Yo.
-What?
Yo, did somebody go
through my bag when I left?
-Why?
-'Cause it's open.
[door opens]
-[Nancy] Kevin?
-Huh?
I need to see you
in my office now.
-I got you some Badu Pussy.
-I don't have a sense of smell.
Does this belong to you?
What is that?
-Is that NyQuil?
-[Nancy] It's promethazine.
Codeine? Lean?
Wock? Wockesha? Oil? Purp?
Drank? Purple drank?
Purple jelly? That purple stuff?
Syrup? Sizzurp?
Mud? Memphis mud?
Or as Future Hendrix calls it,
that bubbly?
Damn, you sure that's not yours?
[Dan]   You got to send
your résumé by when?
Like, an hour
before the interview, so...
We got two hours, yeah.
No, this should be okay,
we just have to...
Uh... Okay, we are gonna
need the whole time.
Um, so, first, you got, like,
a 20-year gap on your résumé.
Yeah, I wasn't gonna write
in "Duffel Bag Boy," so...
-Sure.
-...just say,
"These years
do not concern you."
Well, what if we start with
the special skills section,
-then we'll work backwards?
-Okay.
-All right?
-All right.
Um, uh, PowerPoint, or Excel?
XL, nigga? You buggin'.
I wear Magnums.
O-Okay. Magnums. Um...
Uh, okay. Well, let's do,
let's do a role-play.
I'll be the interviewer. Okay.
So, Mr. Hill,
customer service at Jimmy Jazz.
Tell me why you want this job.
I don't want this job.
I need this job.
That's good. But why?
So I don't go to jail.
Okay, time-out. It's-it's me
again. That's less good, okay?
Honesty is nice,
but job interviews,
they're more about just,
like,   leaning   into the lies.
So, just like a nice...
like an exaggeration.
So let's say I used to work
security for Barack.
Okay, let's lie,
let's lie a little less.
Say Michelle, then.
Okay, well, let's just say...
How about, how about this? Uh...
"Security specialist...
-Mm.
-...for a small business."
-Okay. Okay.
-This work? Okay.
[typing]
I appreciate what you did
for Zayna the other day.
Could've ended up bad, man.
Oh, yeah. Of course.
Everything work out okay
with the-the drugs?
Damn, nigga, you wearing a wire?
No, no, no,
I was just, I was just
-making small talk.
-Nah, you good.
[sighs] Crazy part
about this 20-year gap,
I ain't realize
how long it's been.
Well, what happened?
Life.
Then I started raising Zay,
and I needed to do it even more.
Now I'm stuck.
Yeah, I get that.
It's tough, once you fall into
a hole, to then just, like,
dig yourself out of it.
I mean, I felt that with pills.
Like, you'll think, like,
"Oh, I just need to get
through this one thing--"
All right,
let's get back to the résumé.
Okay. Well, you know. Um...
All right, let's try this
for your job, okay?
"Freelance entrepreneur."
-Like that. Yeah.
-I mean, you are that.
"Managing customer service
and products..."
-There's no lies so far.
-Mm-hmm.
"...on a citywide scale."
The more words you say,
the fewer follow-up questions
they ask, 'cause they just
want the sentence
-to be done, you know?
-Word. Word.
Oh, say I used to sell tickets
for the Grand Pussycat Cinemas
in Times Square.
Put that down.
-Grand Pussycat, you said?
-Yeah, that spot was lit.
You have a reference from there?
-Peaches.
-Okay.
She have a last name, or...?
Do Madonna have
a last name, nigga?
Okay, sorry. Peaches.
gentle, atmospheric music
[hip-hop playing]
[laughs softly]
Oh, I'm, uh...
I'm-a be ready in a second.
Just give me a minute.
[sighs]
W-Well, how you holding up?
Um, it was calm.
Uh-huh, that shit was amazing.
Man, I-I just got a lot
of stuff on my mind.
Trying to figure out what I'm
gonna do about Junior's drugs.
[scoffs] Bro, you don't have
to worry about that.
Drew's gonna take care of it.
Wait, what-what you mean,
Drew gonna take care of it?
Exactly that.
Drew's gonna take care of it.
Wait, so Drew got
my cousin drugs?
-Yeah, I gave it to him.
-What?
[tongue clicks]
When Junior got arrested,
yo, Amaya, she brought
all that shit to school,
and I didn't want to get
in trouble, so I called Drew.
Well, why you didn't
call me first?
'Cause you don't sell drugs.
You still should've
called me first, Zay.
Oh, my God. Drew...
I got to get that shit back.
Des?
What are you doing?
-Are you for real right now?
-Yes.
Now, we found Shareef
in the social room
with this bottle, and he claimed
that it belonged to you.
[Kevin] Yo, I-I don't know
what he's talking about.
-That is not mine.
-[Shareef] Bullshit.
-He's lying.
-[Nancy] All right, we have
a strict no-drug policy here.
[Kevin]
Uh...
One of you will have to be
removed from the program.
Shit, well, you found it on him.
Why am I even here?
Nancy, he's lying.
I stole it out of his bag.
Who you gonna believe,
a thief or a liar?
I don't even own a bag.
This nigga the one lying.
What? Okay, no, no.
Kevin, you know
we do not use the N-word
at No Negro Left Behind.
I don't want to be called
a Negro either.
-What? Why? Yeah.
-[Shareef] Nance, go look
in this Negro's station,
there's a bag full of that shit.
That's not no bag full
of nothing in my station.
-I ain't had a bag since...
-All right, let's go.
I don't...
-[Shareef] No, no, no...
-Nancy, Nancy, nah, wait.
It's his. Nancy. Nancy.
Nancy, I'm trying to tell you,
he lying.
Nah, shut up, let her look.
[quietly]
Bro, why you take my shit?
Nigga, the bag was open.
Bruh, just say it was yours.
You not gonna win anyway, bro.
-You can't paint for shit.
-[tongue clicks]
Come on, man.
Bro, look, l-look, look.
When I win, I'll give you
some of the money
and I'll give you my Badu Pussy.
Nigga, I like real pussy.
There's nothing here.
You sure, Nancy? Look again.
Shareef, I am
really disappointed in you.
I'm gonna have
to ask you to leave.
Kevin, I am really sorry
for accusing you.
Nancy, he's lying. I'm s...
-No, I'm not.
-It's in there somewhere.
Don't worry, you can still apply
to our Dominican chapter
next year.
God, and we were only halfway
through   La La Land.
I am so upset, Shareef.
[sighs, tongue clicks]
Shareef, I hope
you get some help, bro.
-Nigga, shut up.
-Shareef, language.
I don't go here anymore.
I can say "nigga" all I want.
White nigga. Nigga.
Asian nigga. Painting niggas.
Girl niggas. Queens.
Girl niggas.
Nigga, nigga, nigga.
Nigga!
Shit, yo,
thank you so fucking much.
-I appreciate--
-Don't hug me.
You need to get that shit
out of here now.
You right, you right, you right.
[rapid footsteps]
[clattering]
[hip-hop playing over stereo]
What's up, Drew?
-What's up, little nigga?
-Yo, I'm just seeing
when I could get
my cousin's shit back, dawg.
I don't know what
you talking about.
Bro, Zayna told me
that you had the lean.
Stop fucking playing
with me, bro.
Why are you talking to Zayna
about what the fuck I do?
Look, I just need to get
the lean so I can get away from
-these crazy motherfuckers--
-No, what you need to do
is turn around and get
the fuck away from me.
[siren wailing]
Fuck.
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
[Drew]
Yo, this is some bootleg shit.
-Where the mouse at?
-[Dan] The mouse?
-[Drew] Yeah.
-What? No, it's...
This, it's like a flat mouse
nowadays.
-Oh, that's it?
-Yeah.
-That's the mouse.
-Yeah, just...
-[phone vibrating]
-This how they doing it now?
-Yeah. One sec.
-[tongue clicks]
-Hey.
-[Sydney] [over phone]   Hey.
-You called?
-Yeah, well, y-you said to, uh,
call you last night,
so that was me doing that.
Yeah, yeah, no, I know.
Sorry, I'm backed up with work.
I'm, like, I don't know,
I'm out of it today.
Um, totally forgot
to help Drew with some, like,
work stuff last night and I'm...
-No, uh, yeah...
-...space-cadeting.
I-I know, I-I'm with Drew now,
helping him.
-I-I was there last night.
-Right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I know, sorry. Yeah.
-Good, I'm glad you're helping.
-Are you at work?
-It's just, it's kind of loud.
-No... Yeah, I'm stepping out.
It's like a...
We don't have cubicles.
It's like a open...
open workspace.
Yeah, no, I don't know, I-I'm
just... Yeah, I'm taking a...
-Are you all right?
-Sorry.
Yes, I'm okay, I'm just, I'm...
Yeah. Uh, I'll see you
at the meeting, yeah?
You gonna be there?
-Yeah. Um, I'll-I'll be there.
-Okay.
All right, well,
tell Drew I said
good luck
on that interview, yeah?
All right. I will.
-Are-are you sure you're--
-Bye, Dan.
-Okay.
-[phone beeps]
Yeah, I'll talk to you.
[sighs]
Um, Sydney says, "Good luck."
Oh, okay.
You good?
Uh, yeah, I... She said
something kind of weird,
like she didn't
remember I was there
for that conversation that
the three of us had last night.
-You easy to forget.
-Why do people keep saying that?
I feel like
I'm memorable, right?
-Man, I'm falling asleep now.
-Okay.
Well, that's fine.
But it's more than that.
Like, last time I was over
at her house,
she fell asleep at, like, seven,
like she fully fucking crashed.
Like, that's the kind of shit
I would do when I was on Xanax.
Like, I-I feel like
she's still using,
but also, when I ask her
if she's okay,
she's like, "Yes, I'm fine,
I'm fine, I'm fine," so, but...
I don't buy it, so I...
Should I do something?
Like, I don't want to overstep,
but I feel like she's--
Look, I ain't saying what to do,
but if it's someone I love?
Ain't no such thing
as overstepping.
-So what do I do?
-I can't answer that.
You got to ask yourself,
will you be able to live
with the regret
of not saying something
when you had the chance?
That's the ticket.
You're right.
So, should I talk
to her sponsor, or...?
-Nigga, flip a coin.
-[computer ringing]
-Okay, sorry.
-The interview's starting, shit.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Sorry, man. Okay.
Mr. Hill. Hello, sir.
[Drew]
Hey, what's going on?
Well, um,
"freelance entrepreneur,
managing customer service
and products
on a citywide scale."
Very impressive.
-[chuckles]
-Oh, th-thank you. It is, it is.
So, what-what kind of products
did you actually work with?
I mean, you know,
all types of, uh,
hardware to software.
Uh, depends, uh, what
you're looking for, actually,
and I can facilitate that.
[sniffs]
-[car alarm ringing]
-[horns honking]
[Zayna]
He give it to you?
-No.
-I told you.
Yo, you should've just gave
that shit to me, bro.
Yo, just let him and Junior
deal with that shit.
You don't need to get involved.
Yeah, but Junior
want me to sell it.
Yo, that's not even you, bro.
Yeah, I know, but I still got to
pay the people back that he owe.
Honestly, I don't want
to hear about this no more.
I just can't let
your uncle just jack
my cousin out of thousands
of dollars.
We not finna let
that shit slide.
What are you
even talking about?
He's like, what,
your third cousin?
That's not even family.
Fuck you even know about family?
Your whole shit
is dysfunctional.
Respectfully? I'm-a need you
to get the fuck out of here.
You fucking lame-ass nigga.
[scoffs] Oh, I'm lame,
but I still hit, though, so...
Wow, you impressed
by your, what,
34 seconds
and your three strokes?
[laughs softly]
A'ight.
Well, somebody else gonna love
these three strokes.
-Dayroom-ass bitch.
-A'ight, well,
take your ass on, then.
And you know what?
Take this fucking wack-ass
EBT tree with you, too.
Bitch, I got that shit
from the neighbors.
They want that shit back, too.
Man, get your fucking
dusty-ass braids
up on out of here,
you fucking bitch.
A'ight, a'ight.
[manager]   So, give me
an example of one thing
you've facilitated
that you're most proud of.
Oh, well, I facilitated... Well,
I don't know if you saw there
on the, uh, résumé, at some
point, I worked at the, uh,
Grand Pussycat Cinemas
in Times Square and, um,
I facilitated
the family discount,
the only discount
that they ever implemented,
and I felt very great
about that.
I, uh, made a big difference
over there.
I didn't know they did
family shows there.
Definitely did, you know,
"come one, come all." [chuckles]
Well, Mr. Hill,
this has been a delight.
Uh, frankly, you're
overqualified for this role.
So I'm thinking
a higher-level position.
-Word?
-Word. [laughs]
Head of Diversity at corporate.
Full-time.
Jimmy Jazz could use
your leadership skills.
-[chuckles]
-More responsibilities,
more money.
It's 60 hours a week,
and the opportunity
for advancement is actually
-pretty lit.
-Oh... wait.
-As the kids would say.
-You say "60 hours"?
-Yeah, 60 hours. Almost nothing.
-Okay, hold on, wait a minute.
-You come in, do your work--
-I'll be right back.
Hold, give me a minute.
I'll be right back.
Right-right-right back.
-I wanted to flag her with you.
-Dan.
I mean, I don't know for sure,
I'm just concerned about her.
So... But you're
her sponsor, so just...
All right, well, I got to go.
Uh, thanks, Andrea. Thank you.
-I'll see you.
-Yo, that shit did not work.
-They didn't offer you the job?
-Something like that.
Fuck. You want to try
other companies, or...?
Nah, all that shit too complex.
I just need to look official.
I ain't trying to end up
on the island.
Well, you probably
don't want this,
but I-I'm leaving my job here,
'cause I got reinstated
to teach full-time.
So, I don't know,
I mean, there's a slot open.
Kareem would have
to approve it, but--
That's perfect, bro,
that's perfect.
-Really?
-Yep. So, listen,
take these pictures of me
by the counter.
What-what for?
Just do it.
-Okay.
-Hold on, hold on.
Maybe I'll do,
I'll do portrait mode.
-Yeah, okay. Got it.
-Yeah, see what I'm saying?
Yeah, it's portrait,
not landscape.
-Service with a smile.
-Yeah.
Now, listen, if anybody calls
the shop asking about me,
make sure Kareem tells them
I'm a great employee.
Okay, but-but don't you need
something official?
See, Dan, that's the problem,
you don't listen.
I said "look" official.
-Oh, "look," okay.
-Where's the bathroom at?
-It's right there, just...
-Yeah, man.
Be sure to wash your hands.
Employees must wash their hands,
if you could...
Yo. I thought you were
at the fellowship.
Yeah, I was, but...
dude was up there stealing shit.
Um, I got to bring
my art supplies,
I got to put 'em here,
'cause niggas up there wildin'.
-Why would you bring that?
-What?
Why would you bring
that shit here?
-What are you talking about?
-I know what that bag is.
-I just gave that bag to Drew.
-You gave this to...
-You selling drugs now?
-I'm not selling drugs.
Zayna had that shit at school
for some reason,
we had to get it out of there,
so I had her hand it off
to Drew.
Shit, Drew told me
to hold onto this.
-[Drew] What's popping, Kev?
-Drew's here, by the way.
-You know Drew, right?
-Bro, they almost caught me
with this shit
at the fellowship, man.
I can't keep it on me
no more, fam.
Like, c-can you please
just take it back to your spot?
Nah, I can't do that.
I'm hot, nigga.
It need to stay here.
What do you mean, "here"? Here?
You heard what I said.
Hold it down for me.
-Can't you leave it with Blue?
-I don't shit
where I eat, bro. No.
Well, y-you can't shit
in the bike shop.
-Yes, I can.
-I guess you just did.
Fuck it, uh, I guess
it got to stay here.
Well, n... no, no,
it can't, it can't,
it can't stay in Kareem's shop.
All right, then take it
to your crib, then.
Th... Okay, that's
an even worse idea.
Mm-hmm.
Look, I only need a week.
Won't nobody
even know it's here.
Are you gonna be mad
if it's lost or stolen?
-Of course I would.
-Fuck.
-Okay. One week, all right?
-All right.
Seven days,
it has to stay in the back.
In the back, seven days.
-All right, y'all handle that.
-Seven days.
-Where you going?
-I got to go get
some Palo Azul
for this drug test.
You know the vibe,
shit real out here.
I'll see you
at the meeting, right?
-[sighs]
-All right, bet.
Hold it down.
hip-hop music
On fire
Don't break my heart,
don't break my heart...
Yo.
Yo, yo.
Thank you for taking care
of that thing for me.
Funnily enough,
I didn't do that for you.
-Huh?
-You know they could've kicked
both of us out
if they caught you with that?
Yeah, but they
wouldn't have, so--
The school's mascot
was on the bag.
We are the only two people
who worked in that school.
You the one who's always talking
about how they do us.
I'm surprised
Nancy didn't pat me down.
Relax. They wouldn't
have made that connection.
Yeah, but they could have,
and it would've been
your fault, not mine, yours.
Okay, oh, y-you're right.
It would've been my fault.
I apologize. I'm sorry.
I-I wasn't even thinking
about it like that, you know?
You know what?
Let me make it up to you
over some Red Lobster.
You like shrimp?
Or there's a new Ethiopian spot
that opened up downtown.
Nigga, fuck you and your shrimp.
You're a fucking idiot.
[door opens and closes]
Don't break my heart,
don't break my heart...
[Nancy]
What?
No.
[chuckles]
No, stop.
Okay.
Even when the ones you love
done did you wrong
Do you use confectioner's sugar
for the cake, Dan?
Honestly, it's Entenmann's.
Oh, shit, is that Erica?
I don't want that bitch
to see my face.
Dan, that girl over there
got freckles
-over her right eye?
-I can't--
Psst. Ma'am?
Ma'am, can I see your eyes?
-No.
-[sighs]
Thank God. Owe that bitch money.
Hey, Dan, can I talk
to you for a sec alone?
Why the fuck did you talk
to my sponsor?
-Okay, okay, look.
-Why would you fucking do that?
Because I was trying
to make sure you were okay.
[Sydney] This isn't fucking
about you. Just stay out
-of my fucking business.
-I'm not making it about me.
Calling my fucking sponsor?
I'm not alone.
I'm not on an island.
-Drew could tell you were using.
-Oh, he could? Oh, my God.
He must be a clairvoyant.
Miss Cleo over here.
-Wow, you sensed it?
-What are y'all talking about?
What are you talking about?
Did you sell her shit?
I sold to her 'cause
her back was fucked up.
I didn't know she was
gonna look like this.
Oh, like this?
What do I look like?
What the fuck
do I look like, Drew?
-Like you do drugs.
-[Dan] She's in N.A.
What the fuck did you think
was gonna happen?
Hey! Stop talking about me
like I'm not here.
I sold to her
'cause she was sick.
-Thank you.
-What do you mean, "sick"?
-What are you, a doctor?
-No, I'm a freelance
-entrepreneur, managing--
-[Sydney] Oh, come on.
-You're a fucking drug dealer.
-[Dan] Good memory.
-"Freelance entrepreneur." Oh!
-Yo, but wait, hang on, hang on.
I-I'm a Nobel Peace Prize
winner.
Settle down. It's okay. We're
all here to support each other.
-That's why I talked to Drew.
-That's why you talked
behind my back, 'cause we're
all here to support each other.
-Look, you-you have to--
-Bro,
I was doing shorty a favor.
I'm not responsible
for what she does.
Now, if I knew she was
gonna get like this,
I wouldn't have gave it to her.
Okay, you realized that
after selling to a known addict?
-Yeah.
-A known... Oh, a known addict?
Oh, thank you so much, Dan.
You're a fucking
known addict, too.
Yeah... Okay, I'm not saying
it's unknown.
-Yeah.
-Look, I'm just trying to help.
Oh, you were trying
to make sure...
That's why you gave a little tip
about me
-like you did about Drew?
-No, no, no...
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, what? What?
-Oh, yeah, you didn't hear?
Oh, yeah, first day here, Dan
comes in and tells some story
about how he named
someone to his boss,
and then his boss
got that guy arrested,
and guess what,
you're that guy, Drew.
Yeah, I think he got it, Sydney.
-The fuck?! Is she serious?
-I said that out of care.
-Great. Oh, out of care.
-[Franklin] Hey!
Dan, you've got to get in here.
These animals are cutting
their own pieces.
And they're using
their own discretion,
if you know what I mean.
Big freaking pieces.
-Fucking serious right now?
-Try chewing and swallowing,
Franklin, chew and swallow
before you talk.
[Franklin]
You got to cut the cake.
You got to govern a little.
It's like anarchy.
Look how much is gone already.
Hey, Franklin, is there...
Is there an emergency exit,
Franklin?
[Franklin]
What?
[knocking "Shave and a Haircut"
on door]
Desmond, I swear to fucking God,
if you at my door one more time,
I'm-a beat your...
[chuckles
-Daddy?
-Baby.
"One Step Ahead"
by Aretha Franklin
I'm only one step ahead
Of heartbreak
One step ahead
Of misery
Ooh
One step is
all I'd have to take
Backwards
To be the same old fool
for you
I used to be
I'm only one step ahead
Of your arms
One kiss away
from your sweet lips
Ooh
I know I can't afford
to stop
For one moment
'Cause I'm just out of reach
Of your fingertips